I blew my entire PCB marketing budget
flying thousands [music] of miles to
Budapest, spending 5K purely to fuel our
media engine.
It's 1:00 a.m. Heading off from Yovil,
England off to Budapest.
So, we're heading from the UK to
Budapest in almost in London right now.
The logic behind it, well, we could
spend a ton of cash on ads or other
channels or campaigns, but my whole
ethos with our marketing at Breaking B2B
is get attention first, then link it
back to our offer. So, I thought, well,
instead of staying at my home studio,
it'd be cool to record some SEO SAS SEO
videos, breakdowns, walkthroughs, and
cool spots in Hungary and Budapest cuz
we've never been there before. Also, I
can run some interviews. So, we're going
to meet one of our partners who actually
runs our YouTube content and sit down
with him, do some face tof face stuff,
see some cool sites, do some work, get
probably 2 months worth of content to
fuel our media engine at breaking B2B,
have some fun, do some different stuff,
and hopefully do some epic
So, we've made it to the airport in
Heathrow and [music] the plan is get the
plane to Budapest shortly. Samu is going
to pick us up and we're going to aim to
film eight different pieces of media.
So, probably three podcast interviews
and then five solo videos [music] around
SAS SEO, B2B marketing, SAS marketing.
see if we can all get it done within 48
hours as well as seeing a bunch [music]
of sites. Hopefully having a bit of a
good time in between. Right, better
catch that plane.
>> Do you know what he looks like?
[laughter]
Hey,
>> I said I [laughter]
>> So, the vlog has already started.
>> The vlog is underway, sir.
I always like
We have so many
like an update on Twitter previously
on Twitter. It takes like 15 minutes cuz
there's like no one.
We're in a thermal spa enjoying some
warm on this very cold day. We're going
to dive in and see what we can do on
this unusual vlog.
>> [music]
>> Wrapping up day one. About to go to a
rooftop bar, have some food, record a
podcast with Samu on the best way to
nail YouTube marketing for B2B and SAS.
And he's going to interview me on the
best way to scale SEO as a founder of a
B2B or SAS agency, have a couple drinks,
have some food, and wrap up the day.
Let's go.
Go on. Go in. [laughter]
>> Go in.
>> You can go there.
Day two in Budapest. Just got outside
the parliament. Just had some breakfast.
Mat with Samu again and off to finish up
the last two or three videos. [music]
Let's make it happen.
>> [music]
>> All right, so we're in the parliament.
We're shooting another SAS SEO breakdown
video, but enjoying the sites at the
same time. It's a lovely bright sunny
day, super cold, but having fun soaking
up the scenery and culture [music] and
getting some more footage for the
Breaking B YouTube and podcast. Cheers.
[music]
Managed to wrap up day two's filming.
just ran an interview with Samu where he
shared how he's hit 50k recurring
revenue just 19 years old and we talk
about the highs, the lows, how he's
built his agency, the learnings and much
much more which is great fun having a
gingerbread coffee and also did our SAS
SEO [music] breakdown video. Going to
see some more sites until we go and
catch our plane a bit later on. So, all
is good. So, it's been great to see all
the sites in Budapest. Meet up with
Sammy. Huge shout out to Sammy for his
hospitality. taking myself and Ben who's
filming around some awesome sites
including the rooftop kind of spa,
seeing some of the great monuments and
just enjoying the culture really. It
kind of feels to me like almost a mix
between Rome, Prague, and a bunch of
other cities we've been to. Just a lot
more quiet, especially this time of
year. Like it's December 1st at the time
of recording. Just been really nice to
record some solid content around SAS SEO
and B2B marketing. meet up with Samu,
have some nice drinks, have some good
food, and just soak it up over the last
couple days. And if you like this kind
of behind the scenes content where we
show you what we're up to at breaking
B2B, then drop a comment below if you
want us to do more of this, or drop me a
message on LinkedIn if you're enjoying
this kind of different style of video.
We'll certainly look to shoot some more
if we get some good feedback. So, it's
great that I've been able to build up
the agency Breaking B to be able to do
this kind of stuff really. go to new
cities like we're doing now in Budapest,
see some cool sites, meet partners, meet
clients, meet prospects. Fortunately,
I've been able to build up the team. So,
we've got the delivery team that's able
to work with our clients, ensure we're
delivering assets on time, going above
and beyond. Building out that engine in
the background as I take a little bit of
days away and kind of shoot content for
the podcast, for the YouTube channel,
also aids me with kind of future content
for the newsletter, LinkedIn posts, and
much, much more. So looking forward to
doing more of this stuff hopefully in
the future and just enjoying it and
doing stuff that helps kind of grow the
business and fuel [music] the marketing
engine. So we're wrapping up a great
couple days in Budapest now. Heading in
the taxi back to the airport. Cheers.